The Following is a easy to use user manual for our client or anyone in need to make the best use of our application in times of need and enhance performance in their accountancy.
For a client who is a new user to our application. The client shall be able to create a new account for all his employees and shall be able to fetch the sales that every particular employee of his does, and will be able to properly manage accounts. The New user has to validate his existence by filling the form, by entering a non existing username and a strong password that is validated and then accepted. The users can now login and logout from the application.
Once the user is in the application, all the WebPages are according to the client’s needs. The Client will be able to make all or any changes that he wished to do. Out of all the available options that are listed in our navbar for the user at the top. 
At first, the user will be able to add medicines to the list of existing medicines to the shop. Once this is done, the user will be able to add the shop stocks and view all the stocks that are available in the shop at any given point of time. The Batches that the medicines come in and the expiry date of each and every medicine is also stored in the database which can be accessed for later use. There can be orders that can be added online through all the suppliers that are listen in the system of the database and also for all the orders, transactions can be added and can be made a list of. We have also added bar and pie graph visualisations for the customer to easily make sure of all the transactions and orders are easily maintained and analysed from the client point of view.
We have also added to the list, all the expenses that the client of ours has undergone and that will have a detailed analysis of all the expenses that the client  has undergone and will give us analysis on a bar graph basis on what expenditure how much amount is spent and also gives us a top 5 analysis of the highest expenditures that happen at the pharmacy.
The Billing problem that existed with our client was to be rectified has he had people who used to keep debts of money to pay later and also had costumers who pay on the spot itself and hence it is necessary for us to properly give him a detailed analysis of the debt and the amount that is in account of the shopkeeper at any point of time.

We can query the bills at any given point of time. That is all the bills that exists or purchases that have happened between particular dates are displayed.
Once the customer enters the details of the customer and the nearby doctor that has treated him. The client will now be able to enter the details of purchase of the medicines and the quantities and the price is automatically generated and the option of paid or not is available through which hee can keep an account. And hence all the requirements are satisfied.

